hi guys peep from mix cat I'm gonna do a
beer review on a beer I never had it's
called on Mickey's it's a pretty neat
bottle look at that real fat top with a
little looks like a wasp or a Hornet is
something like that
Mickey's pretty neat-looking beard says
Union maid so I believe this is an
English beer and it says it's a fine
malt liquor we'll be the judge of that
smells like a lager
probably I would call that yeah it looks
like a logger kind of a mite golde
golden oh let's see golden yellow kind
of equivalent to a Budweiser or a Miller
High Life color maybe a little bit
darker than a Miller High Life you go
plenty of charge to it you can see that
bubbling away decent decent head on it
you know you definitely can smell the
malt
that's a pretty decent tasting beer it's
a light taste malty faint hoppiness to
it but it's pretty decent this is
similar to a Miller High Life decent
tasting beer it's not bad at all if you
like a beer with the good charge to it
this is definitely not bad I'm gonna
give that like a three and a half to a
four out of five looks like a lager it
says it's a fine malt liquor beer I'll
put some info on this it doesn't have a
born-on date or anything like that so
who knows when it was maybe tastes fresh
oh no it does September 28 oh nine okay
a little bit of a lace to it definitely
a light refreshing beer good beer let me
know what you guys think this is
Mickey's Mickey's beer thank you